1. Adding people: add from contacts is nowhere to be found in the circles page when you click “Add someone” in a circle. this needs to be an option after onboarding. This is priority. 
2. SOMETIMES, it takes too long to add people when you press save on the adding a person page. 
3. why is phone number the second entry? it should be birthday. phone number is not required at all this is not a contacts app. 
4. birthday should be calendar selection field not a string field that the user can just type in. that doesn’t enforce the format. lets use a calendar selection field with a default  for this and for planning hangouts too. 
5. also seems like the reminders are not even linked to the birthdays. when i add a new friend to any circle and put in their birthday, a reminder shows up and says “its Xs birthday in NaN weeks”. this is very important to fix by linking to and using the new calendar selection field. 
6. Lets rethink if suggestions page is even needed and if we just put suggestions and reminders under the circles in the main page. how many to include under each (now 2 and 3 respectively). should be increased but how do we prioritize them and press the shuffle button for more suggesstions? the suggesstions page is very overwhelming even though those reminders are important. maybe we show that you have howevery many number of reminders but show only 5 on the home page and when you check one it goes away and the space gets filled with the next reminder. And suggesstions also appear by priority under suggesstions section in home page (under reminders) but we only display 3 based on priority and after all priorities are done you can press shuffle button for more. I dont know. lets decide this together. aybe we keep the suggesstions page for now and fix everything else. This is not priority for now.  
7. Remove hangout planning button from circles page and suggestions page. doesn’t have to be everywhere. maybe replace with a notification bell button that gives you reminders on completing your profile. the system we built before for completing your profile. and it has a red dot next to it when you have tasks to do to complete your circles. 
8. We need to simplify the onboarding page and add how hangout planning and surveys work. not priority but needs to happen. 
9. why does the home page have a big forehead? fix this please. and test it. 
10. BTW where even is the checklist for completing your circles system that we spoke about together? tell me so i look for it. 
if its “your circles are taking shape” message on the circles page that you cant x out or get rid of, its annoying and weird. we should encourage it and nudge using in-app notifications, not annoying space wasting messages no one will read. remove that please. 
12. Lets use a calendar selection field for all date related fields everywhere but with different defaults. the birthday one in adding new friends to circles should default to march 23, 1999 and they can change the year and date from there. should be a simple design. the hangout date ahould default to the next weekend from todays date and they can change it from there. same with deadline for survey if chosen. 
13. Even if they chose to add from calendar make sure to just fill the fields using the calendar data but still have them press save on the card to save their friend into a circle because most contacts dont have birthday data and they will need to enter that regardless of if they add the name from their contacts or not. If they just add a bunch of people into a circle from contacts, ask them to add birthdays in our circle completion notification system. if its first circle you should make it an annoying notification somehow which enforces it. 
14. When you copy a Suggestion for texting a friend its always the generic “Hey Alessandro, it's been too long! I'd love to catch up sometime. What's new with you?” and not based on the suggestion. please make each suggesstion have a copiable message associated to it that includes the name of the person they're suggesting for. Also please say “text copied” as a pop up message when you press copy. 
15. Create survey error. screenshots will be provided in the next message. Also a priority. 
16. We need to simplify the whole thing and figure out what we should put behind a paywall in the future after launching a completely free version and accumulating users. please ask me questions for that too. 